Good afternoon!  Come on in and have a seat.  Before I take on any new clients, I like to go over their questionnaire with them and make sure we are all on the same page.  Hopefully that makes sense to you…
So, it says here that you are a VP at a major electronics company here in town.  Impressive.  …And it looks like while you find the job interesting the challenges have brought on some additional stress that you would like to enlist my services for, is that correct?
Ok, Good.  I have quite a few clients like you:  good looking, successful men who just need to surrender to the power of a woman now and then.  I can certainly help with that.
Now before I go over our agreement and have you sign the contract, I need to get a little more information from you.  Go ahead and strip for me... No, I don’t need some sultry dance from you.  Just take off your clothes so I can see what I am working with.  
Oh, interesting… You are one of those?!  You learn quite a bit about a man by what he does with his clothes after he takes them off.  They way you fold them neatly and place them on the chair indicates to me that you are a man who likes order and direction in life.  That you like things a certain way… I can tell already that making you submit to me is going to be a lot of fun.  It won’t take long to get you out of your comfort zone.
Now, stand there.  Looks like you are just a hair under 6’ 2”.  Does that sound about right?  Good.
Now step on the scale.  192…That’s about what I would have guessed.  You look like you stay in pretty good shape.  Your obviously not a gym rat, but you probably hit the weights or go for a jog a couple times a week.  Am I right?
I thought so.
Now step off the scale and let’s take a look at you…Nice athletic build.  I like the hair on the chest.  Not too much, but definitely manly.  Nice muscular ass.  I like that.   Oh, and I see you like to keep it manicured downtown.  Nice.  Its good to see a man who takes the time to trim it up from time to time. 
Now for my favorite part.  Go ahead and put your hands on your head while I inspect your cock and balls.  I just need to grab my measuring tape. 
Ok, I am going to get a few measurements.  I know my hands are a bit cold, but that’s intentional.  I don’t want you getting hard… yet.
The first measurement I will get is around the base behind your cock and balls all the way against your body.  Looks like about 5.5 inches around…  and then I will get the measurement around your cock itself… a little under 4 inches…ok, good and lastly lets see how long your cock is when it is soft.. about 2 and a quarter inches.  Great, that will do.  You can go ahead and have a seat now. 
No, you do not need to get dressed yet.  I prefer to finish this part of the conversation while you are completely naked and exposed.  I have found that many men are not really willing to talk about what their kinks Really are or what their deepest, hidden desires really are, but when I mention them and their cock twitches… well there is no hiding that response.    I get ALL kinds of great information that way… So, let’s get started.
First off, when you arrive you will stop in the waiting area and strip completely naked.  If there is anything I want you to wear for that session, I will have it in a box waiting for you when you arrive.  I may have wrist and ankle cuffs I would like you to have on, or maybe a collar with leash.  Most days you will remain in the nude.
Next, when you come for your first Therapy session and every session after, you will refer to me only as Mistress.  In addition, you will do exactly what I say when I say it without hesitation.  You will be provided a safe word, but you must understand that once you use that safe word the session is over.  I believe that for you to get the greatest benefit from our therapy sessions, I must push you to and past your limits.  If you consistently have to use your safe word you will not get the full benefit of these sessions, and we will be forced to dissolve the arrangement.  You have hired me to help relieve your stress.  In order to get the best results, we have to be willing to try new things.  Doing the same things over and over again causes atrophy.  We will have to crank it up occasionally. Understand?
I will refer to You primarily as Slave.  From time to time, I may use pet names such as Slut, Bitch, or whatever I am in the mood for, and I expect you to respond to any and all of these names as if they are your own.
Just a few minutes ago I took your measurements.  I took your height and weight as I have various bondage device and machines I will be using during our sessions.  Having that information allows me to ensure I am using the ones that will do the job best.   I want to make sure that when I have you bound in place you cannot move anymore than I want you to.  I was admiring your beautiful ass earlier and I am really looking forward to strapping you to my St. Andrews Cross, pillory or spanking table and turning it some beautiful shades of red.  But, I cannot do that if I use a devices that are too big and do not hold you in place or are too small and inadequate.  I pride myself in providing excellent therapy to all my clients.  These details are part of what make me the best.
The other measurements I took are equally important.  For a couple different reasons.  First off, I have a table that I love to have my clients lie down on and slide their cock and balls through the hole in the middle.  With these measurements I can lock you securely in place with just one piece fastened around your manhood.  I don’t need any wrist or ankle cuffs.  You will be locked in place and completely at my mercy.  Some sessions I will simply reach up underneath and jerk you off as quickly as possible.  But the sessions my clients find most therapeutic are the teasing ones.  The ones where I lock you in place and take you to the edge over and over again.  The ones where your erection strains and strain against its bondage, but cannot escape while I continue to trace my finger tips over your sensitive cock.  You will drip precum like you never imagined possible.  I will tease you over and over until you beg to be allowed to cum, but I will deny it.  You will endure more than you thought you were able before I finally let you explode in glorious orgasm as you thank me for finally allowing the release you were so desperate for.
Oh Wow!  Your cock really liked hearing about that one.  You are hard as a rock.  That is perfect.  Now come back over here so I can get my last measurement.
Seven and a half…no almost eight inches long.  Oh, and look how thick too.  You are quite the grower.  
That brings me to the Other reason for those measurements.  Your chastity cage.
You see, I am a firm believer that for this therapy to be completely effective, I must be in complete control of all your sexual activity.  I will be ordering you a custom fitted cage based on the dimensions I’ve acquired here today.  I will lock it on you during our first session and I will be the only one who can take it off.  The measurements I took will ensure that the cage fits snuggly around your beautiful package.
Ooh, your cock just twitched you really like the sound of that…  You can go ahead and sit back down.
I have to tell you, I am really excited.  In the past, some of my clients didn’t have a dick worth locking up.  No one was going to want to play with it any way.  But you’ve got a nice one.  AND once I get it locked in its nice, little cage, I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching it strain against its bondage.  There is nothing like the control a woman can have over a powerful man… with a nice cock …that he has no access to.
Holy, you are really getting turned on.  I think I see some precum forming.  I better get through the rest of this information before you pop.
Oh, crud, I missed an important detail, but I am pretty sure you were aware of this one.  As part of my services, I provide extensive cunilingus training.  At the start of nearly every session I will have you lick my pussy to my satisfaction.  Throughout the training I will give you verbal cues letting you know what you are doing well and how you can improve.  Based on the references you submitted it appears you have a lot of experience, but hopefully I can still teach you a thing or two.  For example, most times it is important to get a woman warmed up beforehand.  I will have you kiss my neck and shoulders, caress my magnificent breasts and suck my perfect nipples.  Even some ass grabbing can be effective.  Of course, I will make sure you are proficient at eating my pussy while I am seated in a chair and you are kneeling, while I am prone and you a licking it from the back, while I am standing over you, and of course while I am squarely seated on your face.   It is important to be thorough.
Another key part of your therapy is going to be bondage.  In your position you obviously have a lot of power and control.  You will have to lose that… You will submit to me as I lock you to the St. Andrews Cross, Pillory, and spanking table as mentioned before.  But there will also be times where I bind you in the middle of the room by a chain suspended from the ceiling and up from the floor.  You will be helpless and exposed.  In those moments I may simply choose to leave you there while I sip a glass of wine and read a book in the corner.  Or I may choose to spank you until you are hard as a rock… sometimes I have found that in this exposed position a few well-placed swats to the shaft with a riding crop can cause a magnificent eruption.  
Another thing I like to do while you are locked in these various devices or positions is see how long you can keep an erection without coming.  And how close you can get to coming without being allowed.  You never know how submissive you can truly be until I have teased you to the edge so many times you are begging for mercy.  I will have you literally pleading to be locked back in your chastity again just to get some relief from the delicious torture.   And I will give you mercy…. Eventually.
After just a few meetings I will begin assigning you tasks.  Submission is not simply about enduring what I dish out, but also following orders.  I will have you clean my floors, wipe down all the dungeon furniture and even shine my leather boots and corsets.  Once you have proven that you can do those tasks exceptionally well, I will allow you to do the one tasks every slave looks forward to most: Shaving my pussy.  
I think I just saw your cock jump… I’ll just let your imagine linger on that for a second…
The next stage of your submission will incorporate some anal play.  At first, I will simply have you wear a plug in your ass during your pussy licking sessions.  Sometimes I will use a vibrating one that I will control while you are pleasuring me… It can be a little hard to concentrate when it really gets going, but you will learn.
At some point I will start a session by coming out carrying a strap-on.  On that day you will help me put it on and then you will fall to your knees and beg for permission to suck my cock.  
I hope you are good at begging because I need to be convinced you want it.  Once I am convinced of your true desire I will allow it.  I will allow you to suck my cock with the understanding that you will worship my cock with all the enthusiasm a true submissive can muster for his mistress.  Once I am satisfied with your performance, I will take you into the dungeon, lock your ankles to a spreader bar and cuff your hands behind you as you kneel on the floor.  You will bend at the waist with your head to the floor and your ass high for my easy access.  You will beg for my cock.  You will beg me to fuck you.  You will tell me that your ass is mine and beg for me to take it.  And I will!  
I will lube up my cock and push it slowly into your ass as you thank me for every inch.  You will moan as I pull it out only to push it back in further and further with each thrust.  Your cock will strain against the cage I strategically left you bound in as you feel the weight of my dominance.  I will grab your wrists as leverage as I pick up speed and fuck you harder and harder.  You will moan louder and louder as noises escape you that you do not recognize as your own.  You will thank me for each thrust and plead for me to keep going.  Finally, you will get a strange but somewhat familiar sensation as my thrusts reach their height of power and speed.  Your cock begins to spurt as you come inside your cage.  You moan louder and longer as I fuck you to completion.  The puddle you created is more than you could have imagined, and you feel vulnerable and exhausted as I fall down on top of you, my cock still penetrating your ass and my soft breast pressed against your back.
Finally, I will rise, unlock your wrists and ankles and tell you to go clean up.  
When you return you feel like you have reached the climax of your Therapy.  You have made a tremendous breakthrough but, I will tell you we have just begun.  
I will fuck you more and more and more.  I will fuck while you are locked in different devices and in various positions.  I will fuck you with thicker and longer cocks.  I will even get a machine that will fuck you in the ass, so that you can lick my pussy or suck my strap-on at the same time.  You will experience the sensation of being in a femdom threesome, but I will not have to share you…  And you will love it.
You will love it so much, you will up our sessions from monthly to bi weekly  and eventually to weekly before you beg to see me every day… which I will deny.
You will show up to session begging to suck my cock, but I won’t allow it.  I will love the control I have over you and you will love being my submissive slave.
I will unlock your chastity cage and watch your cock spring to life.  Then I will make you stroke your cock while you declare your complete devotion to me.  I will make you confess your deepest darkest fantasies.  I will make you agree to eat your cum after I allow you an orgasm.  You will prove your devotion to me as you lap it up.
By the time I am done with you, you will be fully committed to my pleasure.  You will beg for longer chastity sentences in exchange for opportunities to lick my pussy or for the opportunity to watch me pleasure myself with my favorite vibrator.  You will endure bondage and spankings that you could not have imagined months earlier just to feel my control.  You will agree to be only allowed four orgasms a year as your chastity cage only comes off for cleanings and my amusement.
I will be completely in charge.  You will become completely submissive.  You will surrender all power in this room.  This is what you are agreeing to.
Now as your first assignment, I expect you not to come until our first session next week.  Judging by that erection, that will take a lot of will power, but you will comply.  Now get dressed and you can go.  I’ll see you next Tuesday…. Slave.
